tod our version of this video fat only
makes you fat when you eat too much of
it and now for the long version and for
that we have to start with a bit of
background info and that is about how
losing and gaining weight works if for
example you need 2200 calories per day
to keep your body weight steady and you
eat around those 2200 then your weight
will stay steady if you eat more than
those two thousand two hundred your
weight will increase and if you eat less
or fewer than those 2200 calories then
your weight will decrease
at that point something else important
comes in and that is the caloric density
of the victory components in our
nutrition carbohydrates fat and protein
fat has nine calories per gram
carbohydrates have four calories per
gram and protein has four calories per
gram as well so that means that if you
filled a cup like this year with fat and
ate all that fat you would eat double
the amount or more than double the
amount of calories you would be eating
then if you filled this cup with sugar
and ate all that sugar and the practical
application that means if you eat a lot
of fatty foods you get a lot of calories
that take up little space and it takes
longer time until you feel full and then
you will have eaten a lot more calories
then perhaps you should be eating
in other words you can lose weight with
any food even if it's very fatty food as
long as you manage to stay below that
magic number you need to be under for
you to lose weight if you need more tips
and hints about the way it goes how the
whole calories in and out thing works
check this article here of mine when
it's all explained in mind boggling
detail as always thank you for watching
until next time bye-bye